no race was ever won in the first corner
but many have been lost there I should
know I was born to be a race car driver
but there's only one problem
That's not me that's me
[Applause]
he picked me out of a pile of pups
tangled mass of paws and Tails this one
definitely this one the pick of the
litter she always said that well just a
minute now we were thinking of keeping
them he always said that true hey call
it fate call it luck all I knew was I
was meant to be his dog you like that
like it I loved it
sound smells I felt like I truly
belonged in racing your car goes where
your eyes go not really much of a dog
person it's more person than dog Danny
was clearly taken with her grooming she
probably bathed every day for all I knew
does he always stare at people like this
if he likes them
the best drivers don't dwell on the
future or the past
the best drivers focus only on the
present
control
no one knows what curves life will throw
at you
but if a driver has the courage to
create his own conditions
and the rain is simply rain
but for now all I want is one more lap
we're faster Denny faster
oh boy c'mere it must be amazing to have
a body that can carry an entire creature
inside I just hoped it would look like
me
you
[Music]